Today is a day of peace and quiet for the people of the Republic of China.
I would like to say a few words to the people of the Republic of China.
The dignity of the people of the Republic of China is a very important part of our society.
And finally that country We will save the people of the Republic of China.
To establish a cleanette fighting church from stabbing hinminth.
If the people working for the people do not share the same goal and imm novelty,
This process will be successful.
The Chinese people are not afraid of the Chinese people.
They are afraid of the Chinese people.
Their basic spirit is to be a peaceful country and people.
They cannot be divided into only independent parties.
So, in the end,
we should not be afraid of the Chinese people.
China should really be safe,
rule the world,
and not put itself in danger.
There is no wide requirement to fight against China.
There is no첫 tomothu~~
clothes and
China has completed its own independent country,
with the necessary conditions.
Even if the law of the law is changed,
it is not easy to change the country.
Because the country is more dependent on China,
it still has to complete the constitution of a modern country.
Because China has completed its constitution,
it can still be a free country.
It has a constitution,
and then it can be a free country.
Then the country can be peaceful and peaceful.
Thank you for watching.